bpo-39075: types.SimpleNamespace no longer sorts attributes in its repr (#19430)
python/cpython: Doc/library/types.rst

               self.__dict__.update(kwargs)

           def __repr__(self):

>                items = ("{}={!r}".format(k, v) for k, v in self.__dict__.items())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               items = (f"{k}={v!r}" for k, v in self.__dict__.items())
```

   .. versionadded:: 3.3

   .. versionchanged:: 3.9

>       Attributes are no longer sorted in the repr.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Attribute order is no longer preserved in ``__repr__``
```

Reviewer 3: As per the discussion attribute order is preserved in `__repr__` here by removing sorting.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think that's right. I think we can rename this as 

``the insertion order of attribute is preserved``

>       Attributes are no longer sorted in the repr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Attribute order in the repr changed from alphabetical to insertion (like ``dict``).
```
